# Computer


This chapter is based on the university course in China and the United States.It is designed to help complete the basic knowledge of computers: the working principle of the Internet, the history of computer development, C language, data structure, operating system, computer network, and computer composition principles.


## How The Internet Works


Featuring Vint Cerf, the inventor of TCP/IP, David Karp the founder of Tumblr to explain HTTP and HTML, Google's "Security Princess" to explain SSL and cybersecurity, and engineers from Microsoft, Spotify, and Symantec.

2 years in the making, this series of short videos explaining How the Internet Works.

<iframe  src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Dxcc6ycZ73M?list=PLzdnOPI1iJNfMRZm5DDxco3UdsFegvuB7" width="100%" height="360" frameborder="no" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"> </iframe>


## Computer Science


In 40 episodes, Carrie Anne Philbin teaches you computer science! This course is based on college introductory material as well as the AP Computer Science Principles Guide

<iframe src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tpIctyqH29Q?list=PL8dPuuaLjXtNlUrzyH5r6jN9ulIgZBpdo" width="100%" height="360" frameborder="no" scrolling="no" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen"> </iframe>


## C


C language is one of the high-level languages used to communicate with computers. It is a compulsory course for computer colleges in major universities in China, and it is also the most suitable language for understanding programming.

<iframe src="//player.bilibili.com/player.html?aid=988760039&bvid=BV1Y44y1U7gY&cid=924878325&page=1&danmaku=0"  allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" width="100%" height="500" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" sandbox="allow-top-navigation allow-same-origin allow-forms allow-scripts"></iframe>


## Data structure


Data structure is one of the subjects of the computer graduate examination in China. It is based on the realization of the logical structure, storage structure and basic operations of learning data in C language, and the analysis of basic time complexity and space complexity of algorithms. [Wangdao Forum] All rights reserved, official release.

<iframe src="https://player.bilibili.com/player.html?aid=92191094&bvid=BV1b7411N798&cid=235888729&page=1&danmaku=0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" width="100%" height="500" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" sandbox="allow-top-navigation allow-same-origin allow-forms allow-scripts"></iframe>


## Principles of computer composition


The principle of computer composition is one of the subjects of the computer postgraduate examination in China. The basic concept of the operating system is the internal working principle, composition structure and interconnection mode of each component in the single-processor computer system, the concept of the hierarchical structure of the computer system, and the relationship between hardware and software. interface, instruction set, etc. Calculate and analyze theoretical and practical problems in computer hardware systems based on C language. [Wangdao Forum] All rights reserved, official release.


<iframe src="https://player.bilibili.com/player.html?aid=70211798&bvid=BV1BE411D7ii&cid=235889864&page=1&danmaku=0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" width="100%" height="500" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" sandbox="allow-top-navigation allow-same-origin allow-forms allow-scripts"></iframe>


## Operating system


The operating system is one of the subjects of the computer graduate examination in China. It explains the basic concepts of the operating system, the strategies, algorithms, mechanisms, and interrelationships of system processes, memory, files, and I/O management. [Wangdao Forum] All rights reserved, official release.


<iframe src="https://player.bilibili.com/player.html?aid=70156862&bvid=BV1YE411D7nH&cid=235890180&page=1&danmaku=0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" width="100%" height="500" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" sandbox="allow-top-navigation allow-same-origin allow-forms allow-scripts"></iframe>


## Computer network


Computer network is one of the subjects of the computer graduate examination in China. It explains the basic concepts and principles of computer network, the architecture of computer network and typical network protocols, and the analysis, design and application of network systems. [Wangdao Forum] All rights reserved, official release.

<iframe src="https://player.bilibili.com/player.html?aid=70228743&bvid=BV19E411D78Q&cid=121579556&page=1&danmaku=0" allowfullscreen="allowfullscreen" width="100%" height="500" scrolling="no" frameborder="0" sandbox="allow-top-navigation allow-same-origin allow-forms allow-scripts"></iframe>