# Code Language


C language is the classic of all programming languages. Many high-level languages are derived from C language, such as: C++, C#, Object-C, Java, Go and so on.

Different programming languages are like different tools to programmers. Here's what some developers do and the main programming languages they use:

- Game developers use C++ or C# to create video games for the PC.
- Web developers use HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and PHP to make websites and web applications.
- Mobile app developers use Java and Kotlin to make Android apps or Swift to make iOS apps.
- Software developers use C++, C#, and Java to make desktop applications, business applications, and systems software.
- Data scientists use Python, R, and MatLab to analyze data for scientific research and educational purposes.

Which programming language to choose depends on what you want to build.


## Web


Web programming languages include CSS, HTML, and JavaScript.

- Hypertext Markup Language (HTML) is the code used to structure web content and give it meaning and purpose. For example, is my content a set of paragraphs or a list of bullet points?
- Cascading Style Sheets (CSS) are code that you use to style your website. For example, do you want the text to be black or red? Where should the content be drawn on the screen? What background images and colors should be used to decorate your website?
- JavaScript is a programming language used to add interactive features to websites. Some examples might be games, what happens when a button is pressed or data is entered in a form, dynamic styling effects, animations, and so on.


### How to learn the Web


The Web programming language has a long history, and there may be many tutorials. Its own coding standards have been changed several times, and not all tutorials can be followed up in time. So, pick the gist of the web tutorial：
- New enough and authoritative enough
- Provide reproducible code
- Provide practice and certification


[freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/):course supporting exercises, complete this tutorial to apply for certification.

[Web MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/):The official web programming language documentation designed to guide beginners in web development and provide everything they need to start coding websites.


## Python


Python is an object-oriented programming language, the following is the difference between object-oriented programming and process-oriented programming：

- Object-oriented programming is object-centered, while process-oriented programming is process-centered;
- Object-oriented programming usually focuses on creating and calling classes, while process-oriented programming focuses on creating and calling functions.
- Their program components are respectively a set of objects and a set of procedures;

Some notable features of Python:
- Use elegant syntax to make the programs you write easier to read.
- Comes with a large standard library that supports many common programming tasks, such as connecting to web servers, searching text using regular expressions, reading and modifying files.
- Easily extensible by adding new modules implemented in compiled languages such as C or C++.


### How to learn Python


With the increase in the number of Python users, more and more Python tutorials are beginning to appear. Here I want to teach you a few key points on how to choose tutorials.：
- Authoritative enough
- Provide reproducible code
- Provide practice and certification


[freecodecamp](https://www.freecodecamp.org/):course supporting exercises, complete this tutorial to apply for certification.

[Python3 Doc](https://docs.python.org/zh-cn/3/):The official Python documentation, the starting and ending point of all tutorials.


## Interview frequently asked


### Process


Process is the basic unit for the system to independently schedule and allocate system resources (CPU, memory)

The processes are independent of each other, and the process communication in Python is generally completed by the process pair Queue.

The process bypasses the Global Interpreter Lock. Thus, the multiprocessing module allows programmers to take full advantage of multiple processors on a given machine. It runs on both Unix and Windows.

The number of processes is equal to the number of CPU cores, which is the most efficient. If there are too many cores, the number of cores will not be fully utilized. If there are too few, it will cause process switching and increase the running time of the program.


#### communication method


- shared memory

set a shared memory

exclusive access shared memory

Based on data structure (low level)

Based on memory (high level)

- pipe communication

set a buffer

A pipe can only achieve duplex communication (both parties can send messages, but only one party can send messages at the same time.)

To achieve two-way simultaneous communication, two pipelines must be established

Mutually exclusive access pipes for each process

Cannot write when it is full. Cannot read when read empty

Not full, cannot read, not read empty, cannot write

- messaging

Deliver structured messages:message header/message body

The system provides primitives for sending and receiving

Send information to the message queue of the other party(directly)

Messages are sent to intermediates (indirect)


[multiprocessing](https://docs.python.org/zh-cn/3.10/library/multiprocessing.html?highlight=multiprocessing#module-multiprocessing):Multiprocessing Module Code Documentation

```Python
from multiprocessing import Pool

def f(vaule):
    x = vaule[0]
    y = vaule[1]
    return x*y

if __name__ == '__main__':
    p = Pool(16) # new 16 process pools ， because i have 16 cpu
    print(p.map(f, [(1,1), (2,2), (3,3)])) # take in data
    p.close() # close pool
  
## [1, 4, 9]
```

### Thread


Thread is the smallest execution unit of the system (CPU allocation time slices are realized through threads)

Only one thread can execute Python code at same time.

However, if you want to run multiple I/O-intensive tasks concurrently, multithreading is still an appropriate model.

The number of threads equal to twice the number of CPU cores is the most efficient.

The GIL is a mutex that prevents multiple threads from simultaneously executing Python bytecode. This lock is necessary mainly because CPython's memory management is not thread-safe

In this environment, the GIL limits the interpreter itself to only one thread running, and any Python interpreter-level operations are serialized, so that only one statement can throw an exception at any one time. The shared variables related to the exception are thus protected.


#### communication method


- Lock mechanism: including mutex, condition variable, read-write lock

Mutexes provide a means of preventing data structures from being modified concurrently in an exclusive manner.

Read-write locks allow multiple threads to read shared data at the same time, while writing operations are mutually exclusive.

A condition variable can atomically block a process until a certain condition is true. The testing of the condition is done under the protection of a mutex. Condition variables are always used with mutexes.

- Semaphore mechanism (Semaphore)

Includes unnamed thread semaphores and named thread semaphores.

- Signal mechanism (Signal)

Similar to signal handling between processes.

The purpose of communication between threads is mainly for thread synchronization, so threads do not have a communication mechanism for data exchange like in process communication.

[threading](https://docs.python.org/zh-cn/3.10/library/threading.html?highlight=threading#module-threading):Threading Multiprocessing Module Code Documentation

```Python
import time
import threading


def test_thread(para='hi', sleep=3):
    time.sleep(sleep)
    print(para)


def main():
    # create thread
    thread_hi = threading.Thread(target=test_thread)
    thread_hello = threading.Thread(target=test_thread, args=('hello', 1))
    # run thread
    thread_hi.start()
    thread_hello.start()
    print('Main thread has ended!')


if __name__ == '__main__':
    main()
```

### Coroutines


Coroutines are libraries for writing concurrent code, and are the best choice for building IO-intensive and high-level structured network code.

The coroutine is operated by actively switching the state through the code and waiting for processing, so it is more efficient and the syntax is more detailed. The loop object needs to be active: create, set, submit, wait to run, and stop.

The optimal number of coroutines depends on memory usage.


[asyncio](https://docs.python.org/zh-cn/3.10/library/asyncio.html?highlight=asyncio#module-asyncio):asyncio Multiprocessing Module Code Documentation

```Python
import asyncio 

class TestA: 
    def __init__(self,loop) -> None:
        self.loop = loop
        asyncio.set_event_loop(loop=self.loop) # step 3.1

    async def run_page(self,tid): # step 7 
        print(tid)
        return tid

    async def close(self,):
        for i in asyncio.all_tasks(): # step 9.1
            i.cancel()
        self.loop.stop() # step  9.2


def test():
    get_async_loop = asyncio.new_event_loop() # step 1
    asyncio.set_event_loop(get_async_loop) # step 2

    async def spider(task_obj):
        async_task =  [asyncio.ensure_future(task_obj.run_page(1)),
                    asyncio.ensure_future(task_obj.run_page(2)),] # step  6
        await asyncio.wait(async_task) # step  8

        await task_obj.close() # step 9
  
    task_obj = TestA(get_async_loop) #step 3
    asyncio.run_coroutine_threadsafe(spider(task_obj), loop=get_async_loop) #step  4
    get_async_loop.run_forever() # step 5

test()
```
